#summary Version 1.0.0 (initial release) of the Landsat spectral indices software.

== Spectral-Indices Version 1.0.0 Release Notes ==
Release Date: April 12, 2013

=== Downloads ===

* Spectral-Indices source code - available via the [http://code.google.com/p/spectral-indices/source/checkout Spectral-Indices Google Projects Source] link

  * Non-members may check out a read-only working copy anonymously over HTTP.
  * svn checkout http://spectral-indices.googlecode.com/svn/tags/version_1.0.0 spectral-indices-read-only 

=== Installation ===
  # Install dependent libraries - HDF-EOS GCTP, HDF4, HDF-EOS2, TIFF, GeoTIFF
  # Set up environment variables.  Can create an environment shell file or add the following to your bash shell.  For C shell, use 'setenv VAR "directory"'.  Note: If the HDF library was configured and built with szip support, then the user will also need to add an environment variable for SZIP include (SZIPINC) and library (SZIPLIB) files.
{{{
    export HDFEOS_GCTPINC="path_to_HDF-EOS_GCTP_include_files"
    export HDFEOS_GCTPLIB="path_to_HDF-EOS_GCTP_libraries"
    export TIFFINC="path_to_TIFF_include_files"
    export TIFFLIB="path_to_TIFF_libraries"
    export GEOTIFF_INC="path_to_GEOTIFF_include_files"
    export GEOTIFF_LIB="path_to_GEOTIFF_libraries"
    export HDFINC="path_to_HDF_include_files"
    export HDFLIB="path_to_HDF_libraries"
    export HDFEOS_INC="path_to_HDFEOS_include_files"
    export HDFEOS_LIB="path_to_HDFEOS_libraries"
    export BIN="path_to_directory_for_spectral_indices_binaries"
}}}
  # Checkout (from Google spectral-indices project) and install source files
{{{
cd src
make
make install
make clean
}}}
This will create an executable file under $BIN: spectral-indices
(tested in Linux with the gcc compiler).  It will also copy the Python scripts for running spectral indices from the scripts directory up the the $BIN directory.

* Note that if the HDF library was configured and built with szip support, then the user will also need to add "-L$(SZIPLIB) -lsz" at the end of the library defines in the Makefiles.  The user should also add "-I$(SZIPINC)" to the include directory defines in the Makefile.

  #: Test - Download Landsat surface reflectance products (lndsr) or top of atmosphere products (lndcal) from ESPA.  Then run the following command.
{{{
spectral_indices --sr={lndsr|lndcal}.*.hdf --ndvi --ndmi --nbr --nbr2 --savi --evi --verbose
}}}
If particular spectral index products are not desired, then don't include the --{spectral_index_product} command-line option.

  #: Check output - There will be a separate HDF file generated for each of the spectral index products specified on the command line.  The will be of the form {scene_name}-sr-{spectral_index_product}.hdf.  If all the spectral indices are specified, then the output should provide the following HDF files.
{{{
{scene_name}-ndvi.hdf
{scene_name}-ndmi.hdf
{scene_name}-nbr.hdf
{scene_name}-nbr2.hdf
{scene_name}-savi.hdf
{scene_name}-evi.hdf
}}}

=== Dependencies ===
  * GCTP libraries
  * TIFF libraries
  * GeoTIFF libraries
  * HDF4 libraries
  * HDF-EOS2 libraries
  * Surface reflectance products generated by LEDAPS

=== Associated Scripts ===
A python script exists in the scripts directory to assist in running the spectral indices application.  do_spectral_indices.py grabs the user-specified options and generates the desire spectral index products by calling the spectral_indices executable.

=== Verification Data ===

=== User Manual ===

=== Product Guide ===


== Changes From Previous Version ==
This is the initial release of this software.